README.md, before:

# Code-Refactor
Bootcamp Challenge 1

## Description

A code refactoring project, commissioned by Horiseon, with the aim of improving their website's accessibility, both front-end and back-end, and increasing the site's SEO.

Accomplished this in the following ways

- Add alt text to all images
- Re-organised the CSS, grouping section elements together in a more easily readable fashion.
- Renamed sections of the backend to use more semantic HTML elements.
- Thoroughly labelled both the html and css files with comments for ease of use.
- Fixed broken link 'Search Engine Optimisation' in Nav bar. 

## Link To Application



## Installation

N/A

## Usage

```md
![alt text] (assets\Screenshot Horiseon CSS File.PNG)
```

All general rules are listed at the top of the CSS, as pictured. Rules for specific elements are grouped beneath, as per page layout.

```md
![alt text] (assets\SEO link.PNG)
```
The ID attribute was missing from the HTML file for this element, meaning that the link didn't cause the page to scroll as intended. This has now been fixed.

## Credit 

Thanks to the good people at the Bootcamp for knocking up the swell starter files x

## License

MIT

Commit message:

fixed issues with images in README

README.md, after:

# Code-Refactor
Bootcamp Challenge 1

## Description

A code refactoring project, commissioned by Horiseon, with the aim of improving their website's accessibility, both front-end and back-end, and increasing the site's SEO.

Accomplished this in the following ways

- Add alt text to all images
- Re-organised the CSS, grouping section elements together in a more easily readable fashion.
- Renamed sections of the backend to use more semantic HTML elements.
- Thoroughly labelled both the html and css files with comments for ease of use.
- Fixed broken link 'Search Engine Optimisation' in Nav bar. 

## Link To Application



## Installation

N/A

## Usage


![Screenshot of general rules in CSS File](Assets\Screenshot-Horiseon-CSS-File.PNG)


All general rules are listed at the top of the CSS, as pictured. Rules for specific elements are grouped beneath, as per page layout.


![Fixed link](./Assets/SEO-link.PNG)

The ID attribute was missing from the HTML file for this element, meaning that the link didn't cause the page to scroll as intended. This has now been fixed.

## Credit 

Thanks to the good people at the Bootcamp for knocking up the swell starter files x

## License

MIT
